For enquiry and followup  table 
1. remeaning all field and previous things same, add Import excel file to table feature, 
     add button import excel file with icon using mui professional design
2. when status is not change and due date is tomarrow or due date lost till a week it must pinned in table with red color
 // Highlight rows or next follow date  in red when the due date is tomorrow or within the past week, and the status remains unchanged

3. ascending and descending arrow in  every field must work properly add according to field name and design must be  professional
##Ensure the sorting functionality works for all fields with proper icons for ascending and descending order.
4.export excel and export pdf button and feature properly applied accoding to Fields
5.multiple field selected and deleted feature must work 
6.table update/edt and cancel or delete function enable 
7.design table look professionally
8.live search in table from entire table
9.pagination feautre  in table data properly used.

10.redesign the button a professional look using Material-UI (MUI),Apply appropriate MUI styling (sx) for better spacing, colors, and overall appearance,Ensure the icon is placed correctly on the button. and color





1.create ProjectForm   2.Create ProjectTable  3.projectSlice   
note: 1> project list can be search  2> projectlist can be edit and delete
  3> Toast Message must be shown after created , updated ,deleted 
   4> duplicate data entry  show already exist message


Event 
1.beautiful design 
2.event can create,view,update and cancel by user 
7.Event Detail can be view by User
3.no of attendances can be multiple (also add attendees Modal where we can add attendees name ,email,whatno,phone,organization name,organizationdetail,meetingpurpose,requirements,meeting_status(firsttime,sec time,thirdtime...),remarks)
4.Toast message For Create,Update,cancel 
5.send auto email to attendance mail 
6.notification in a system and email/whatapp before few time(like 1 hour ,1/2 hour,15 minute,0 minute) for starting meeting
7.add attendees on 
Steps:
1.Move the event creation form into a CreateEventModal component.
2.Add a modal for adding attendees with multiple fields (name, email, phone, organization, etc.).
3.Enable CRUD operations (create, view, update, delete) on events.
4.Display event details with additional attendees information.
5.Integrate toast messages for Create, Update, and Cancel actions.
6.Send auto-email to attendees upon event creation or update.
7.Allow multiple attendees to be added with extra information.

3.ENQUIRY
1.enquiry create,update,cancel,mark as lost,listascustomer,ongoing
2.fields personal detail(name,phone,email,Temporaryaddress,permanentaddress)professional(organization name,organization address,phone,organizationdetail,enquiry_purpose,requirements,problem_faced)meeting(time)